README.md, before:

# Common DevX

> Updated on 2025-08-11 by @KemingHe

Ready-to-use templates and AI prompts for consistent documentation, standardized workflows, and faster project setup with zero dependencies. [[Watch demo on YouTube]](https://youtu.be/Mfx0DFsCcTw)

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. **Copy templates** - Browse directories below and copy `.md` files to your project
2. **Customize content** - Replace placeholders with your project details
3. **Use AI prompts** - Combine [prompts](./prompts/) with templates for automated generation

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Always review AI-generated content for correctness.

## 📁 Project Structure

```plaintext
common-devx/
├── .github/          # GitHub issue/PR templates
├── guides/           # Reference guides and tutorials
├── meetings/         # Meeting templates
├── prompts/          # AI workflow prompts  
├── troubleshooting/  # Developer issue guides
├── .gitignore        # Ignore OS, system, and IDE files
├── CONTRIBUTING.md   # Contributing guide template
├── contacts.md       # Team contact template
└── LICENSE           # MIT license
```

## 🛠️ Development

- **Maintainer**: [@KemingHe](https://github.com/KemingHe)
- **Approach**: Reference templates, not active framework

## 📄 License

[MIT License](./LICENSE) - free use, modification, and distribution with attribution.

## 📞 Support

[Create a GitHub issue](https://github.com/KemingHe/common-devx/issues) for questions or requests.

Commit message:

docs(structure): restructure repository for agentic AI research collection
CHANGES
- Transform from generic DevX template to specialized agentic AI research collection
- Rename directories to kebab-case for intuitive categorization
- Rewrite README.md and CONTRIBUTING.md applying KISS and DRY principles
- Add 13 research papers and reports with companion NotebookLM audio versions
- Remove template files (meetings, troubleshooting, contacts, guides)
- Implement clear separation of concerns between user and contributor documentation

IMPACT
- Repository now serves as curated agentic AI career development resource
- README optimized for GitHub pages publishing and user experience
- CONTRIBUTING streamlined for efficient contributor onboarding
- Zero information redundancy between documentation files

README.md, after:

# Agentic AI Career Readings

> Updated on 2025-08-17 by @KemingHe

A curated collection of research papers, industry reports, and product guides to inform and empower careers in agentic AI systems. Each document includes a NotebookLM-generated podcast for accessible learning on-the-go.

## 📁 Structure

```plaintext
agentic-ai-readings/
├── industry-reports/     # Market trends and insights
├── product-guides/       # AI agents handbooks and certifications  
├── research-ml-llms/     # ML/LLM foundations and best practices
├── research-multi-agent/ # Multi-agent systems and frameworks
└── prompts/              # AI workflow automation prompts
```

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. **Browse topics** - Navigate directories by your learning focus
2. **Read + Listen** - Each paper has both PDF and audio (.wav/.m4a) versions
3. **Stay updated** - Check back regularly for new additions

## 🛠️ Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines on adding research papers and maintaining quality standards.

## 📄 License

[MIT License](./LICENSE) - free use and sharing with attribution.

## 📞 Support

[Create an issue](https://github.com/KemingHe/career-readings/issues) for suggestions or questions.
